# Collections

This is literally just a collection of software that I have created. If any individual finds anything in this collection useful, please feel free to use everything as you see fit.

Keep in mind that all software created in this collection is "AS IS". If you spot some mistakes or want to give up some advice, fill free to e-mail me at garryrice4383@gmail.com and I'll likely respond to your e-mail as soon as I see it. Otherwise, I am not responsible for any damages that may or may not happen as a result of executing any of the software in this collection. You have been warned!

Each folder will have it's own README file inside of it. Please refer to it for details on individual projects. Thank you for taking the time to at least view the collection. I really do hope this collection helps someone out there in need of some guidance. We all need some from time to time!

I'll update this when this "issue" is changed. You may notice a small issue with some of the code that uploaded in here. They are indeed working projects and unless stated other wise, they are complete. The issue? I am inexperienced with putting together CMAKE files or anything that would assist with getting you the required library files that you need. My best advice to you, until I become more experienced with files such as CMAKE files, is to READ_THE_README_VERY_VERY_VERY_CAREFULLY. I do my absolute best to map where I obtain library files (as long as I'm able), how I made said library files (of course if I made it myself) or if all else fails (most cases with Windows platform), I straight up just upload libraries files used. Keep an eye out in the "libs" folder that in the home directory. If any are used that are external, they will be uploaded in there. Again, WATCH_FOR_WHICH_PLATFORM_AND_VERSION_THEY_ARE_FOR. An x64 based library WILL_NOT work on an x86 based system. Period. Spin wives tales if you must. Doesn't change anything. Unix libraries WILL_NOT work in a native Windows environment (most of the time, will state if library is cross platform in README). Anybody looking for OSX libraries are out of luck. Macs are far too expensive for me to afford and I refuse to purchase an out-dated machine to write OSX code on. The thought is a waste of time, especially with the risk of kernel changes and all. I get it, I get the quality I pay for with a Mac and all that good stuff. Doesn't change that I can't afford it. Also, emulating it is illegal. Therefore sorry, no dice. Apple puts me in a bind in terms of OSX compiling. Will promptly inform if situation changes. Promise!
